---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "unifi_firewall_rule Data Source - unifi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# unifi_firewall_rule (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the Firewall Rule to look up.
- `site` (String) The name of the site the Firewall Rule is associated with.

### Read-Only

- `action` (String) The action of the Firewall Rule. Must be one of `drop`, `accept`, or `reject`.
- `dst_address` (String) The destination address of the Firewall Rule.
- `dst_address_ipv6` (String) The IPv6 destination address of the Firewall Rule.
- `dst_firewall_group_ids` (List of String) The destination Firewall Group IDs of the Firewall Rule.
- `dst_network_id` (String) The destination network ID of the Firewall Rule.
- `dst_network_type` (String) The destination network type of the Firewall Rule. Can be one of `ADDRv4` or `NETv4`.
- `dst_port` (String) The destination port for the Firewall Rule.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the Firewall Rule should be enabled.
- `icmp_typename` (String) ICMP type name.
- `icmp_v6_typename` (String) ICMPv6 type name.
- `ip_sec` (String) Specify whether the Firewall Rule matches on IPSec packets. Can be one of `match-ipset` or `match-none`.
- `logging` (Boolean) Enable logging for the Firewall Rule.
- `name` (String) The name of the Firewall Rule.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol of the Firewall Rule.
- `protocol_match_excepted` (Boolean) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `protocol_v6` (String) The IPv6 protocol of the Firewall Rule.
- `rule_index` (Number) The index of the Firewall Rule. Must be >= 20000 < 30000 or >= 40000 < 50000.
- `ruleset` (String) The ruleset for the Firewall Rule. This is from the perspective of the security gateway. Must be one of `WAN_IN`, `WAN_OUT`, `LAN_IN`, `LAN_OUT`, `LAN_LOCAL`, `GUEST_IN`, `GUEST_OUT`, `GUEST_LOCAL`, `WANv6_IN`, `WANv6_OUT`, `WANv6_LOCAL`, `LANv6_IN`, `LANv6_OUT`, `LANv6_LOCAL`, `GUESTv6_IN`, `GUESTv6_OUT`, or `GUESTv6_LOCAL`.
- `setting_preference` (String) Specifies the setting preference for the Firewall Rule. Valid values are: `auto` and `manual`.
- `site_id` (String) The ID of the site the Firewall Rule is associated with.
- `src_address` (String) The source address for the Firewall Rule.
- `src_address_ipv6` (String) The IPv6 source address for the Firewall Rule.
- `src_firewall_group_ids` (List of String) The source Firewall Group IDs for the Firewall Rule.
- `src_mac` (String) The source MAC address of the Firewall Rule.
- `src_network_id` (String) The source network ID for the Firewall Rule.
- `src_network_type` (String) The source network type of the Firewall Rule. Can be one of `ADDRv4` or `NETv4`.
- `src_port` (String) The source port of the Firewall Rule.
- `state_established` (Boolean) Match where the state is established.
- `state_invalid` (Boolean) Match where the state is invalid.
- `state_new` (Boolean) Match where the state is new.
- `state_related` (Boolean) Match where the state is related.
