---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "unifi_network Data Source - unifi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# unifi_network (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the Network.
- `site` (String) The name of the site the Network is associated with.

### Read-Only

- `auto_scale_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable auto scaling on the Network.
- `dhcp_boot_enabled` (Boolean) Toggles on the DHCP boot options. Will be set to true if you have `dhcpd_boot_filename`, and `dhcpd_boot_server` set.
- `dhcp_boot_filename` (String) The file to PXE boot from on the `dhcpd_boot_server`.
- `dhcp_boot_server` (String) IPv4 address of a TFTP server to network boot from.
- `dhcp_conflict_checking` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable DHCPd Conflict Checking.
- `dhcp_dns` (List of String) IPv4 addresses for the DNS server to be returned from the DHCP server.
- `dhcp_dns_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable DNS for DHCP.
- `dhcp_enabled` (Boolean) Whether DHCP is enabled or not on the Network.
- `dhcp_gateway_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable DHCPd Gateway.
- `dhcp_guard_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable DHCP Guard.
- `dhcp_lease_time` (Number) Lease time for DHCP addresses.
- `dhcp_ntp_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable NTP for DHCPd.
- `dhcp_relay_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable a DHCP Relay server.
- `dhcp_start` (String) The IPv4 address where the DHCP range of addresses start.
- `dhcp_stop` (String) The IPv4 address where the DHCP range of addresses stop.
- `dhcp_tftp_server` (String) Specifies the TFTP server for DHCPd.
- `dhcp_time_offset_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable Time Offset for DHCPd.
- `dhcp_unifi_controller` (String) Specifies the Unifi Controller for DHCPd.
- `dhcp_v6_allow_slaac` (Boolean) Whether or not to allow slaac with DHCP v6.
- `dhcp_v6_dns` (List of String) Specifies the IPv6 addresses for the DNS server to be returned from the DHCP server. Used if `dhcp_v6_dns_auto` is set to `false`.
- `dhcp_v6_dns_auto` (Boolean) Specifies DNS source to propagate. If set `false` the entries in `dhcp_v6_dns` are used, the upstream entries otherwise.
- `dhcp_v6_enabled` (Boolean) Enable stateful DHCPv6 for static configuration.
- `dhcp_v6_lease_time` (Number) Specifies the lease time for DHCPv6 addresses.
- `dhcp_v6_start` (String) Start address of the DHCPv6 range. Used in static DHCPv6 configuration.
- `dhcp_v6_stop` (String) End address of the DHCPv6 range. Used in static DHCPv6 configuration.
- `dhcp_wins_enabled` (Boolean) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `dhcp_wpad_url` (String) Specifies the WPAd URL for DHCPd.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain name of the network.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable the Network.
- `gateway_type` (String) Specifies the Gateway type.
- `igmp_snooping` (Boolean) Specifies whether IGMP snooping is enabled or not.
- `internet_access_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether internet access is enabled for the Network or not.
- `ipv6_client_address_assignment` (String) Specifies the client address assignment for IPv6
- `ipv6_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable IPv6.
- `ipv6_interface_type` (String) Specifies which type of IPv6 connection to use. Must be one of either `static`, `pd`, or `none`.
- `ipv6_pd_auto_prefixid_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable IPv6 Auto Prefix ID.
- `ipv6_pd_interface` (String) Specifies which WAN interface to use for IPv6 PD. Must be one of either `wan` or `wan2`.
- `ipv6_pd_prefixid` (String) Specifies the IPv6 Prefix ID.
- `ipv6_pd_start` (String) Start address of the DHCPv6 range. Used if `ipv6_interface_type` is set to `pd`.
- `ipv6_pd_stop` (String) End address of the DHCPv6 range. Used if `ipv6_interface_type` is set to `pd`.
- `ipv6_ra_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether to enable router advertisements or not.
- `ipv6_ra_preferred_lifetime` (Number) Lifetime in which the address can be used. Address becomes deprecated afterwards. Must be lower than or equal to `ipv6_ra_valid_lifetime`.
- `ipv6_ra_priority` (String) IPv6 router advertisement priority. Must be one of either `high`, `medium`, or `low`.
- `ipv6_ra_valid_lifetime` (Number) Total lifetime in which the address can be used. Must be equal to or greater than `ipv6_ra_preferred_lifetime`.
- `ipv6_setting_preference` (String) Specifies the setting preference for IPv6.
- `ipv6_static_subnet` (String) Specifies the static IPv6 subnet (when `ipv6_interface_type` is `static`).
- `lte_lan_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable LTE LAN.
- `multicast_dns_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether Multicast DNS (mDNS) is enabled or not on the Network (Controller >=v7).
- `name` (String) The name of the Network.
- `nat_outbound_ip_addresses` (Attributes List) Specifies the outbound IP address pool for NAT. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nat_outbound_ip_addresses))
- `network_group` (String) The group of the Network.
- `network_isolation_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether network isolation is enabled for the Network.
- `purpose` (String) The purpose of the Network. One of `corporate`, `guest`, `wan`, or `vlan-only`.
- `setting_preference` (String) Specifies the setting preference for the Network.
- `site_id` (String) The ID of the site the Network is associated with.
- `subnet` (String) The subnet of the Network (CIDR address).
- `upnp_lan_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable UPnP LAN.
- `vlan_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable VLAN.
- `vlan_id` (Number) The VLAN ID of the Network.
- `wan_dhcp_v6_pd_size` (Number) Specifies the IPv6 prefix size to request from ISP. Must be a number between 48 and 64.
- `wan_dns` (List of String) DNS servers IPs of the WAN.
- `wan_egress_qos` (Number) Specifies the WAN egress quality of service.
- `wan_gateway` (String) The IPv4 gateway of the WAN.
- `wan_gateway_v6` (String) The IPv6 gateway of the WAN.
- `wan_ip` (String) The IPv4 address of the WAN.
- `wan_ipv6` (String) The IPv6 address of the WAN.
- `wan_netmask` (String) The IPv4 netmask of the WAN.
- `wan_network_group` (String) Specifies the WAN network group. One of either `WAN`, `WAN2`, or `WAN_LTE_FAILOVER`.
- `wan_password` (String) Specifies the IPv4 WAN password.
- `wan_prefixlen` (Number) The IPv6 prefix length of the WAN. Must be a number between 1 and 128.
- `wan_type` (String) Specifies the IPv4 WAN connection type. One of either `disabled`, `static`, `dhcp`, or `pppoe`.
- `wan_type_v6` (String) Specifies the IPv6 WAN connection type. Must be one of either `disabled`, `static`, or `dhcpv6`.
- `wan_username` (String) Specifies the IPv4 WAN username.

<a id="nestedatt--nat_outbound_ip_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nat_outbound_ip_addresses`

Read-Only:

- `ip_address` (String) Specifies a single IP address to use for outbound NAT. Used when `mode` is set to `ip_address`.
- `ip_address_pool` (List of String) Specifies a list of IP addresses to use for outbound NAT. Used when `mode` is set to `ip_address_pool`.
- `mode` (String) Specifies the mode for outbound NAT. Can be one of `all`, `ip_address`, or `ip_address_pool`.
- `wan_network_group` (String) Specifies the WAN network group that the outbound NAT is associated with. Can be one of `WAN`, `WAN2`.
