---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "unifi_wlans Data Source - unifi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# unifi_wlans (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `site` (String) The name of the site the WLANs are associated with.

### Read-Only

- `wlans` (Attributes List) The list of WLANs associated with the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wlans))

<a id="nestedatt--wlans"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wlans`

Read-Only:

- `ap_group_ids` (List of String) IDs of the AP groups to use for the network.
- `ap_group_mode` (String) TODO: Figure out what this is. Valid values are: `all`, `groups`, and `devices`.
- `b_supported` (Boolean) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `broadcast_filter_list` (List of String) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `bss_transition` (Boolean) Improves client transitions between APs when they have a weak signal.
- `dtim_2g` (Number) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `dtim_5g` (Number) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `dtim_6e` (Boolean) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `dtim_mode` (String) TODO: Figure out what this is. Valid values are: `default` and `custom`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not to enable this WLAN.
- `enhanced_iot` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not to enable enhanced handling for IoT devices.
- `fast_roaming_enabled` (Boolean) Enables 802.11r fast roaming.
- `group_rekey` (Number) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `hide_ssid` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not to hide the SSID from broadcast.
- `hotspot2conf_enabled` (Boolean) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `iapp_enabled` (Boolean) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `iapp_key` (String) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `id` (String) The ID of the WLAN to look up.
- `is_guest` (Boolean) Indicates that this is a guest WLAN and should use guest behaviors.
- `l2_isolation` (Boolean) Isolates stations on layer 2 (ethernet) level.
- `mac_filter_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the MAC filter is turned on for the network.
- `mac_filter_list` (List of String) List of MAC addresses to filter (only valid if `mac_filter_enabled` is `true`).
- `mac_filter_policy` (String) MAC address filter policy (only valid if `mac_filter_enabled` is `true`). Valid values are: `allow` and `deny`.
- `minimum_2g_advertising_rates` (Boolean) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `minimum_2g_data_rate_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not to enable minimum data rates for 2G band.
- `minimum_2g_data_rate_kbps` (Number) Set minimum data rate control for 2G devices in Kbps. Use `0` to disable minimum data rates. Valid values are `1000`, `2000`, `5500`, `6000`, `9000`, `11000`, `12000`, `18000`, `24000`, `36000`, `48000`, and `54000`.
- `minimum_5g_advertising_rates` (Boolean) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `minimum_5g_data_rate_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not to enable minimum data rates for 5G band.
- `minimum_5g_data_rate_kbps` (Number) Set minimum data rate control for 5G devices in Kbps. Use `0` to disable minimum data rates. Valid values are `6000`, `9000`, `12000`, `18000`, `24000`, `36000`, `48000`, and `54000`.
- `minimum_data_rate_setting_preference` (String) Specifies the minimum data rate setting preference. Valid values are: `auto` or `manual`.
- `mlo_enabled` (Boolean) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `multicast_enhance_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not Multicast Enhance is turned on for the network.
- `name` (String) The name of the WLAN.
- `network_id` (String) ID of the network for this SSID.
- `no2ghz_oui` (Boolean) Notify high performance clients to move to 5GHz to improve network performance.
- `optimize_iot_wifi_connectivity` (Boolean) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `passphrase` (String) The passphrase for the network. This is only required if `security` is not set to `open`.
- `passphrase_autogenerated` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not to autogenerate the passphrase.
- `pmf_mode` (String) Enable Protected Management Frames. This cannot be disabled if using WPA 3. Valid values are `required`, `optional` and `disabled`.
- `private_preshared_keys` (Attributes List) List of private preshared keys (only valid if `private_preshared_keys_enabled` is `true`). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wlans--private_preshared_keys))
- `private_preshared_keys_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not to enable private preshared keys.
- `proxy_arp` (Boolean) Reduces airtime usage by allowing APs to "proxy" common broadcast frames as unicast.
- `radius_das_enabled` (Boolean) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `radius_mac_acl_format` (String) TODO: Figure out what this is. Valid values are: `none_lower`, `hyphen_lower`, `colon_lower`, `none_upper`, `hyphen_upper`, and `colon_upper`
- `radius_mac_auth_enabled` (Boolean) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `radius_profile_id` (String) ID of the RADIUS profile to use when security `wpaeap`. You can query this via `unifi_radius_profile` data source.
- `sae_groups` (List of Number) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `sae_psks` (Attributes List) TODO: Figure out what this is. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wlans--sae_psks))
- `schedule` (Attributes List) Start and stop schedules for the WLAN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wlans--schedule))
- `security` (String) The type of WiFi security for this network. Valid values are: `wpapsk`, `wpaeap`, and `open`.
- `setting_preference` (String) Specifies the setting preference for the Network. Valid values are: `auto` or `manual`
- `site_id` (String) The name of the site the WLAN is associated with.
- `uapsd_enabled` (Boolean) Enable Unscheduled Automatic Power Save Delivery.
- `user_group_id` (String) Id of the user group to use for this network.
- `wlan_band` (String) Radio band your WiFi network will use. Valid values are: `2g`, `5g`, or `both`.
- `wlan_bands` (List of String) List of bands to use for this WLAN. Valid items are: `2g`, `5g` and/or `6g`. (`6g` only works if the specified AP's are compatible)
- `wpa3_enhanced_192` (Boolean) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `wpa3_fast_roaming` (Boolean) TODO: Figure out what this is.
- `wpa3_support` (Boolean) Enable WPA 3 support (security must be `wpapsk` and PMF must be turned on).
- `wpa3_transition` (Boolean) Enable WPA 3 and WPA 2 support (security must be `wpapsk` and `wpa3_support` must be true).
- `wpa_enc` (String) TODO: Figure out what this is. Valid values are: `auto`, `ccmp`, `gcmp`, `ccmp-256`, and `gcmp-256`.
- `wpa_mode` (String) Specifies the mode of WPA. Valid values are: `auto`, `wpa1`, and `wpa2`

<a id="nestedatt--wlans--private_preshared_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wlans.private_preshared_keys`

Read-Only:

- `network_id` (String) The ID of the Network associated with the Preshared Key.
- `password` (String) The password of the Preshared Key.


<a id="nestedatt--wlans--sae_psks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wlans.sae_psks`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the SAE Psk.
- `mac` (String) MAC Address of the SAE Psk.
- `psk` (String) Psk of the SAE Psk.
- `vlan` (Number) VLAN for this SAE Psk.


<a id="nestedatt--wlans--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wlans.schedule`

Read-Only:

- `day_of_week` (String) Day of week for the block. Valid values are `sun`, `mon`, `tue`, `wed`, `thu`, `fri`, `sat`.
- `duration` (Number) Length of the block in minutes.
- `name` (String) Name of the block.
- `start_hour` (Number) Start hour for the block (0-23).
- `start_minute` (Number) Start minute for the block (0-59).
