---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "unifi_device Resource - unifi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# unifi_device (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Device.
- `site` (String) The name of the site the Device is associated with.

### Optional

- `allow_adoption` (Boolean) Specifies whether this resource should tell the controller to adopt the device on create.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether this device should be disabled.
- `forget_on_destroy` (Boolean) Specifies whether this resource should tell the controller to forget the device on destroy.
- `mac` (String) The MAC address of the Device. This can be specified so that the provider can take control of a device (since devices are created through adoption).
- `port_overrides` (Attributes List) Settings overrides for the specific switch ports. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port_overrides))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Device to look up.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the Device.
- `site_id` (String) The id of the site the Device is associated with.

<a id="nestedatt--port_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port_overrides`

Optional:

- `aggregate_num_ports` (Number) Number of ports in the aggregate.
- `name` (String) Human-readable name of the port.
- `number` (Number) Switch port number.
- `op_mode` (String) Operating mode of the port, valid values are `switch`, `mirror`, and `aggregate`.
- `poe_mode` (String) PoE mode of the port, valid values are `auto`, `pasv24`, `passthrough`, and `off`.
- `port_profile_id` (String) ID of the Port Profile used on this port.
